
                                 Apache License
                           Version 2.0, January 2004
                        http://www.apache.org/licenses/

   TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

   1. Definitions.

      "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
      and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

      "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
      the copyright owner that is granting the License.

      "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
      other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
      control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
      "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
      direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
      otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
      outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

      "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
      exercising permissions granted by this License.

      "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
      including but not limited to software source code, documentation
      source, and configuration files.

      "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
      transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
      not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
      and conversions to other media types.

      "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
      Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
      copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
      (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

      "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
      form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
      editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
      represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
      of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
      separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
      the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

      "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
      the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
      to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
      submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
      or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
      the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
      means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
      to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
      communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
      and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
      Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
      excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
      designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."

      "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
      on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
      subsequently incorporated within the Work.

   2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
      publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
      Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

   3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
      this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
      worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
      (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
      use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
      where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
      by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
      Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
      with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
      institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
      cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
      or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
      or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
      granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
      as of the date such litigation is filed.

   4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
      Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
      modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
      meet the following conditions:

      (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
          Derivative Works a copy of this License; and

      (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
          stating that You changed the files; and

      (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
          that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
          attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
          excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
          the Derivative Works; and

      (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
          distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
          include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
          within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
          pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
          of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
          as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
          documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
          within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
          wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
          of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
          do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
          notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
          or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
          that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
          as modifying the License.

      You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
      may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
      for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
      for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
      reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
      the conditions stated in this License.

   5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
      any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
      by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
      this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
      Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
      the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
      with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

   6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
      names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
      except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
      origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

   7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
      agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
      Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
      WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
      implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
      of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
      PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
      appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
      risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

   8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
      whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
      unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
      negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
      liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
      incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
      result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
      Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
      work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
      other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
      has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

   9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
      the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
      and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
      or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
      License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
      on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
      of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
      defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
      incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
      of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.

   END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

   APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

      To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following
      boilerplate notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]"
      replaced with your own identifying information. (Don't include
      the brackets!)  The text should be enclosed in the appropriate
      comment syntax for the file format. We also recommend that a
      file or class name and description of purpose be included on the
      same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier
      identification within third-party archives.

   Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<<<<<<< HEAD
For lib/org.slf4j-slf4j-api-1.7.25.jar
and lib/org.slf4j-slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25.jar

Copyright (c) 2004-2017 QOS.ch
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free  of charge, to any person obtaining
a  copy  of this  software  and  associated  documentation files  (the
"Software"), to  deal in  the Software without  restriction, including
without limitation  the rights to  use, copy, modify,  merge, publish,
distribute,  sublicense, and/or sell  copies of  the Software,  and to
permit persons to whom the Software  is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The  above  copyright  notice  and  this permission  notice  shall  be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE  SOFTWARE IS  PROVIDED  "AS  IS", WITHOUT  WARRANTY  OF ANY  KIND,
EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED, INCLUDING  BUT NOT LIMITED  TO THE  WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY,    FITNESS    FOR    A   PARTICULAR    PURPOSE    AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,  ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For lib/com.google.protobuf-protobuf-java-3.4.0.jar

Copyright 2014, Google Inc.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
      notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
    * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
      copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
      in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
      distribution.
    * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
      contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
      this software without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Code generated by the Protocol Buffer compiler is owned by the owner
of the input file used when generating it.  This code is not
standalone and requires a support library to be linked with it.  This
support library is itself covered by the above license.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For lib/javax.servlet-javax.servlet-api-3.1.0.jar

COMMON DEVELOPMENT AND DISTRIBUTION LICENSE (CDDL) Version 1.0

1. Definitions.

   1.1. Contributor. means each individual or entity that creates or
   contributes to the creation of Modifications.

   1.2. Contributor Version. means the combination of the Original
   Software, prior Modifications used by a Contributor (if any), and
   the Modifications made by that particular Contributor.

   1.3. Covered Software. means (a) the Original Software, or (b)
   Modifications, or (c) the combination of files containing Original
   Software with files containing Modifications, in each case
   including portions thereof.

   1.4. Executable. means the Covered Software in any form other than
   Source Code.

   1.5. Initial Developer. means the individual or entity that first
   makes Original Software available under this License.

   1.6. Larger Work. means a work which combines Covered Software or
   portions thereof with code not governed by the terms of this
   License.

   1.7. License. means this document.

   1.8. Licensable. means having the right to grant, to the maximum
   extent possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or
   subsequently acquired, any and all of the rights conveyed herein.

   1.9. Modifications. means the Source Code and Executable form of
   any of the following:

        A. Any file that results from an addition to, deletion from or
        modification of the contents of a file containing Original
        Software or previous Modifications;

        B. Any new file that contains any part of the Original
        Software or previous Modification; or

        C. Any new file that is contributed or otherwise made
        available under the terms of this License.

   1.10. Original Software. means the Source Code and Executable form
   of computer software code that is originally released under this
   License.

   1.11. Patent Claims. means any patent claim(s), now owned or
   hereafter acquired, including without limitation, method, process,
   and apparatus claims, in any patent Licensable by grantor.

   1.12. Source Code. means (a) the common form of computer software
   code in which modifications are made and (b) associated
   documentation included in or with such code.

   1.13. You. (or .Your.) means an individual or a legal entity
   exercising rights under, and complying with all of the terms of,
   this License. For legal entities, .You. includes any entity which
   controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with
   You. For purposes of this definition, .control. means (a) the
   power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of
   such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (b) ownership of
   more than fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares or
   beneficial ownership of such entity.

2. License Grants.

      2.1. The Initial Developer Grant.

      Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and
      subject to third party intellectual property claims, the Initial
      Developer hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,
      non-exclusive license:

         (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or
         trademark) Licensable by Initial Developer, to use,
         reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and
         distribute the Original Software (or portions thereof), with
         or without Modifications, and/or as part of a Larger Work;
         and

         (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using or
         selling of Original Software, to make, have made, use,
         practice, sell, and offer for sale, and/or otherwise dispose
         of the Original Software (or portions thereof).

        (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.1(a) and (b) are
        effective on the date Initial Developer first distributes or
        otherwise makes the Original Software available to a third
        party under the terms of this License.

        (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.1(b) above, no patent license is
        granted: (1) for code that You delete from the Original
        Software, or (2) for infringements caused by: (i) the
        modification of the Original Software, or (ii) the combination
        of the Original Software with other software or devices.

    2.2. Contributor Grant.

    Conditioned upon Your compliance with Section 3.1 below and
    subject to third party intellectual property claims, each
    Contributor hereby grants You a world-wide, royalty-free,
    non-exclusive license:

        (a) under intellectual property rights (other than patent or
        trademark) Licensable by Contributor to use, reproduce,
        modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute the
        Modifications created by such Contributor (or portions
        thereof), either on an unmodified basis, with other
        Modifications, as Covered Software and/or as part of a Larger
        Work; and

        (b) under Patent Claims infringed by the making, using, or
        selling of Modifications made by that Contributor either alone
        and/or in combination with its Contributor Version (or
        portions of such combination), to make, use, sell, offer for
        sale, have made, and/or otherwise dispose of: (1)
        Modifications made by that Contributor (or portions thereof);
        and (2) the combination of Modifications made by that
        Contributor with its Contributor Version (or portions of such
        combination).

        (c) The licenses granted in Sections 2.2(a) and 2.2(b) are
        effective on the date Contributor first distributes or
        otherwise makes the Modifications available to a third party.

        (d) Notwithstanding Section 2.2(b) above, no patent license is
        granted: (1) for any code that Contributor has deleted from
        the Contributor Version; (2) for infringements caused by: (i)
        third party modifications of Contributor Version, or (ii) the
        combination of Modifications made by that Contributor with
        other software (except as part of the Contributor Version) or
        other devices; or (3) under Patent Claims infringed by Covered
        Software in the absence of Modifications made by that
        Contributor.

3. Distribution Obligations.

      3.1. Availability of Source Code.  Any Covered Software that You
      distribute or otherwise make available in Executable form must
      also be made available in Source Code form and that Source Code
      form must be distributed only under the terms of this
      License. You must include a copy of this License with every copy
      of the Source Code form of the Covered Software You distribute
      or otherwise make available. You must inform recipients of any
      such Covered Software in Executable form as to how they can
      obtain such Covered Software in Source Code form in a reasonable
      manner on or through a medium customarily used for software
      exchange.

      3.2. Modifications.  The Modifications that You create or to
      which You contribute are governed by the terms of this
      License. You represent that You believe Your Modifications are
      Your original creation(s) and/or You have sufficient rights to
      grant the rights conveyed by this License.

      3.3. Required Notices.  You must include a notice in each of
      Your Modifications that identifies You as the Contributor of the
      Modification. You may not remove or alter any copyright, patent
      or trademark notices contained within the Covered Software, or
      any notices of licensing or any descriptive text giving
      attribution to any Contributor or the Initial Developer.

      3.4. Application of Additional Terms.  You may not offer or
      impose any terms on any Covered Software in Source Code form
      that alters or restricts the applicable version of this License
      or the recipients. rights hereunder. You may choose to offer,
      and to charge a fee for, warranty, support, indemnity or
      liability obligations to one or more recipients of Covered
      Software. However, you may do so only on Your own behalf, and
      not on behalf of the Initial Developer or any Contributor. You
      must make it absolutely clear that any such warranty, support,
      indemnity or liability obligation is offered by You alone, and
      You hereby agree to indemnify the Initial Developer and every
      Contributor for any liability incurred by the Initial Developer
      or such Contributor as a result of warranty, support, indemnity
      or liability terms You offer.

      3.5. Distribution of Executable Versions.  You may distribute
      the Executable form of the Covered Software under the terms of
      this License or under the terms of a license of Your choice,
      which may contain terms different from this License, provided
      that You are in compliance with the terms of this License and
      that the license for the Executable form does not attempt to
      limit or alter the recipient.s rights in the Source Code form
      from the rights set forth in this License. If You distribute the
      Covered Software in Executable form under a different license,
      You must make it absolutely clear that any terms which differ
      from this License are offered by You alone, not by the Initial
      Developer or Contributor. You hereby agree to indemnify the
      Initial Developer and every Contributor for any liability
      incurred by the Initial Developer or such Contributor as a
      result of any such terms You offer.

      3.6. Larger Works.  You may create a Larger Work by combining
      Covered Software with other code not governed by the terms of
      this License and distribute the Larger Work as a single
      product. In such a case, You must make sure the requirements of
      this License are fulfilled for the Covered Software.

4. Versions of the License.

      4.1. New Versions.  Sun Microsystems, Inc. is the initial
      license steward and may publish revised and/or new versions of
      this License from time to time. Each version will be given a
      distinguishing version number. Except as provided in Section
      4.3, no one other than the license steward has the right to
      modify this License.

      4.2. Effect of New Versions.  You may always continue to use,
      distribute or otherwise make the Covered Software available
      under the terms of the version of the License under which You
      originally received the Covered Software. If the Initial
      Developer includes a notice in the Original Software prohibiting
      it from being distributed or otherwise made available under any
      subsequent version of the License, You must distribute and make
      the Covered Software available under the terms of the version of
      the License under which You originally received the Covered
      Software. Otherwise, You may also choose to use, distribute or
      otherwise make the Covered Software available under the terms of
      any subsequent version of the License published by the license
      steward.

      4.3. Modified Versions.  When You are an Initial Developer and
      You want to create a new license for Your Original Software, You
      may create and use a modified version of this License if You:
      (a) rename the license and remove any references to the name of
      the license steward (except to note that the license differs
      from this License); and (b) otherwise make it clear that the
      license contains terms which differ from this License.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

   COVERED SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED UNDER THIS LICENSE ON AN .AS
   IS. BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR
   IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES THAT THE COVERED
   SOFTWARE IS FREE OF DEFECTS, MERCHANTABLE, FIT FOR A PARTICULAR
   PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGING. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
   PERFORMANCE OF THE COVERED SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU. SHOULD ANY COVERED
   SOFTWARE PROVE DEFECTIVE IN ANY RESPECT, YOU (NOT THE INITIAL
   DEVELOPER OR ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR) ASSUME THE COST OF ANY
   NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THIS DISCLAIMER OF
   WARRANTY CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS LICENSE. NO USE OF
   ANY COVERED SOFTWARE IS AUTHORIZED HEREUNDER EXCEPT UNDER THIS
   DISCLAIMER.

6. TERMINATION.

      6.1. This License and the rights granted hereunder will
      terminate automatically if You fail to comply with terms herein
      and fail to cure such breach within 30 days of becoming aware of
      the breach. Provisions which, by their nature, must remain in
      effect beyond the termination of this License shall survive.

      6.2. If You assert a patent infringement claim (excluding
      declaratory judgment actions) against Initial Developer or a
      Contributor (the Initial Developer or Contributor against whom
      You assert such claim is referred to as .Participant.) alleging
      that the Participant Software (meaning the Contributor Version
      where the Participant is a Contributor or the Original Software
      where the Participant is the Initial Developer) directly or
      indirectly infringes any patent, then any and all rights granted
      directly or indirectly to You by such Participant, the Initial
      Developer (if the Initial Developer is not the Participant) and
      all Contributors under Sections 2.1 and/or 2.2 of this License
      shall, upon 60 days notice from Participant terminate
      prospectively and automatically at the expiration of such 60 day
      notice period, unless if within such 60 day period You withdraw
      Your claim with respect to the Participant Software against such
      Participant either unilaterally or pursuant to a written
      agreement with Participant.

      6.3. In the event of termination under Sections 6.1 or 6.2
      above, all end user licenses that have been validly granted by
      You or any distributor hereunder prior to termination (excluding
      licenses granted to You by any distributor) shall survive
      termination.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

   UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER TORT
   (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, SHALL YOU, THE
   INITIAL DEVELOPER, ANY OTHER CONTRIBUTOR, OR ANY DISTRIBUTOR OF
   COVERED SOFTWARE, OR ANY SUPPLIER OF ANY OF SUCH PARTIES, BE LIABLE
   TO ANY PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
   CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT
   LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK
   STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER
   COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, EVEN IF SUCH PARTY SHALL HAVE BEEN
   INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION OF
   LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY
   RESULTING FROM SUCH PARTY.S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW
   PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
   EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO
   THIS EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

8. U.S. GOVERNMENT END USERS.

   The Covered Software is a .commercial item,. as that term is
   defined in 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of .commercial
   computer software. (as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. ?
   252.227-7014(a)(1)) and .commercial computer software
   documentation. as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212
   (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48
   C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all
   U.S. Government End Users acquire Covered Software with only those
   rights set forth herein. This U.S. Government Rights clause is in
   lieu of, and supersedes, any other FAR, DFAR, or other clause or
   provision that addresses Government rights in computer software
   under this License.

9. MISCELLANEOUS.

   This License represents the complete agreement concerning subject
   matter hereof. If any provision of this License is held to be
   unenforceable, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent
   necessary to make it enforceable. This License shall be governed by
   the law of the jurisdiction specified in a notice contained within
   the Original Software (except to the extent applicable law, if any,
   provides otherwise), excluding such jurisdiction.s conflict-of-law
   provisions. Any litigation relating to this License shall be
   subject to the jurisdiction of the courts located in the
   jurisdiction and venue specified in a notice contained within the
   Original Software, with the losing party responsible for costs,
   including, without limitation, court costs and reasonable
   attorneys. fees and expenses. The application of the United Nations
   Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is
   expressly excluded. Any law or regulation which provides that the
   language of a contract shall be construed against the drafter shall
   not apply to this License. You agree that You alone are responsible
   for compliance with the United States export administration
   regulations (and the export control laws and regulation of any
   other countries) when You use, distribute or otherwise make
   available any Covered Software.

10. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CLAIMS.

   As between Initial Developer and the Contributors, each party is
   responsible for claims and damages arising, directly or indirectly,
   out of its utilization of rights under this License and You agree
   to work with Initial Developer and Contributors to distribute such
   responsibility on an equitable basis. Nothing herein is intended or
   shall be deemed to constitute any admission of liability.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For lib/com.thoughtworks.paranamer-paranamer-2.8.jar

 Copyright (c) 2006 Paul Hammant & ThoughtWorks Inc
 All rights reserved.

 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
 are met:
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 3. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its
    contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
    this software without specific prior written permission.

 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
 AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
 ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
 LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
 CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
 SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
 INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
 CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
 ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF
 THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For lib/org.scala-lang-scala-library-2.11.7.jar
and lib/org.scala-lang-scala-reflect-2.11.8.jar

Copyright (c) 2002-2017 EPFL
Copyright (c) 2011-2017 Lightbend, Inc.

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  * Neither the name of the EPFL nor the names of its contributors
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
    without specific prior written permission.
=======
The following bundled 3rd party jars are distributed under the
Apache Software License, Version 2.

- lib/com.fasterxml.jackson.core-jackson-annotations-2.11.0.jar [1]
- lib/com.fasterxml.jackson.core-jackson-core-2.11.0.jar [2]
- lib/com.fasterxml.jackson.core-jackson-databind-2.11.0.jar [3]
- lib/com.google.guava-guava-30.0-jre.jar [4]
- lib/com.google.guava-failureaccess-1.0.1.jar [4]
- lib/com.google.guava-listenablefuture-9999.0-empty-to-avoid-conflict-with-guava.jar [4]
- lib/commons-cli-commons-cli-1.2.jar [5]
- lib/commons-codec-commons-codec-1.6.jar [6]
- lib/commons-configuration-commons-configuration-1.10.jar [7]
- lib/commons-io-commons-io-2.4.jar [8]
- lib/commons-lang-commons-lang-2.6.jar [9]
- lib/commons-logging-commons-logging-1.1.1.jar [10]
- lib/io.netty-netty-buffer-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-codec-dns-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-codec-http-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-codec-http2-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-codec-socks-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-common-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-handler-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-handler-proxy-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-resolver-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-resolver-dns-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-tcnative-boringssl-static-2.0.38.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-transport-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-transport-native-epoll-4.1.63.Final-linux-x86_64.jar [11]
- lib/io.netty-netty-transport-native-unix-common-4.1.63.Final.jar [11]
- lib/io.prometheus-simpleclient-0.8.1.jar [12]
- lib/io.prometheus-simpleclient_common-0.8.1.jar [12]
- lib/io.prometheus-simpleclient_hotspot-0.8.1.jar [12]
- lib/io.prometheus-simpleclient_servlet-0.8.1.jar [12]
- lib/io.vertx-vertx-auth-common-3.9.8.jar [13]
- lib/io.vertx-vertx-bridge-common-3.9.8.jar [14]
- lib/io.vertx-vertx-core-3.9.8.jar [15]
- lib/io.vertx-vertx-web-3.9.8.jar [16]
- lib/io.vertx-vertx-web-common-3.9.8.jar [16]
- lib/log4j-log4j-1.2.17.jar [17]
- lib/net.java.dev.jna-jna-3.2.7.jar [18]
- lib/org.apache.commons-commons-collections4-4.1.jar [19]
- lib/org.apache.commons-commons-lang3-3.6.jar [20]
- lib/org.apache.zookeeper-zookeeper-3.6.2.jar [21]
- lib/org.apache.zookeeper-zookeeper-jute-3.6.2.jar [21]
- lib/org.apache.zookeeper-zookeeper-3.6.2-tests.jar [21]
- lib/org.eclipse.jetty-jetty-http-9.4.33.v20201020.jar [22]
- lib/org.eclipse.jetty-jetty-io-9.4.33.v20201020.jar [22]
- lib/org.eclipse.jetty-jetty-security-9.4.33.v20201020.jar [22]
- lib/org.eclipse.jetty-jetty-server-9.4.33.v20201020.jar [22]
- lib/org.eclipse.jetty-jetty-servlet-9.4.33.v20201020.jar [22]
- lib/org.eclipse.jetty-jetty-util-9.4.33.v20201020.jar [22]
- lib/org.rocksdb-rocksdbjni-6.16.4.jar [23]
- lib/com.beust-jcommander-1.78.jar [24]
- lib/com.yahoo.datasketches-memory-0.8.3.jar [25]
- lib/com.yahoo.datasketches-sketches-core-0.8.3.jar [25]
- lib/net.jpountz.lz4-lz4-1.3.0.jar [26]
- lib/com.google.api.grpc-proto-google-common-protos-1.17.0.jar [28]
- lib/com.google.code.gson-gson-2.8.6.jar [29]
- lib/io.opencensus-opencensus-api-0.24.0.jar [30]
- lib/io.opencensus-opencensus-contrib-http-util-0.24.0.jar [30]
- lib/io.opencensus-opencensus-proto-0.2.0.jar [30]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-all-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-alts-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-api-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-auth-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-context-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-core-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-grpclb-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-netty-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-protobuf-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-protobuf-lite-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-services-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-stub-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-testing-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/io.grpc-grpc-xds-1.33.0.jar [33]
- lib/org.apache.curator-curator-client-5.1.0.jar [34]
- lib/org.apache.curator-curator-framework-5.1.0.jar [34]
- lib/org.apache.curator-curator-recipes-5.1.0.jar [34]
- lib/org.inferred-freebuilder-2.7.0.jar [35]
- lib/com.google.errorprone-error_prone_annotations-2.4.0.jar [36]
- lib/org.apache.yetus-audience-annotations-0.5.0.jar [37]
- lib/org.jctools-jctools-core-2.1.2.jar [38]
- lib/org.apache.httpcomponents-httpclient-4.5.5.jar [39]
- lib/org.apache.httpcomponents-httpcore-4.4.9.jar [40]
- lib/org.apache.thrift-libthrift-0.12.0.jar [41]
- lib/com.google.android-annotations-4.1.1.4.jar [42]
- lib/com.google.http-client-google-http-client-1.34.0.jar [43]
- lib/com.google.http-client-google-http-client-jackson2-1.34.0.jar [43]
- lib/com.google.auto.value-auto-value-annotations-1.7.jar [44]
- lib/com.google.j2objc-j2objc-annotations-1.3.jar [45]
- lib/com.google.re2j-re2j-1.2.jar [46]
- lib/io.dropwizard.metrics-metrics-core-3.2.5.jar [47]
- lib/io.dropwizard.metrics-metrics-graphite-3.2.5.jar [47]
- lib/io.dropwizard.metrics-metrics-jvm-3.2.5.jar [47]
- lib/io.perfmark-perfmark-api-0.19.0.jar [48]
- lib/org.conscrypt-conscrypt-openjdk-uber-2.5.1.jar [49]
- lib/org.xerial.snappy-snappy-java-1.1.7.jar [50]

[1] Source available at https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-annotations/tree/jackson-annotations-2.11.0
[2] Source available at https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-core/tree/jackson-core-2.11.0
[3] Source available at https://github.com/FasterXML/jackson-databind/tree/jackson-databind-2.11.0
[4] Source available at https://github.com/google/guava/tree/v30.0
[5] Source available at https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=commons-cli.git;a=tag;h=bc8f0e
[6] Source available at http://svn.apache.org/viewvc/commons/proper/codec/tags/1_6/
[7] Source available at http://svn.apache.org/viewvc/commons/proper/configuration/tags/CONFIGURATION_1_10/
[8] Source available at https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=commons-io.git;a=tag;h=603579
[9] Source available at https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=commons-lang.git;a=tag;h=375459
[10] Source available at http://svn.apache.org/viewvc/commons/proper/logging/tags/commons-logging-1.1.1/
[11] Source available at https://github.com/netty/netty/tree/netty-4.1.63.Final
[12] Source available at https://github.com/prometheus/client_java/tree/parent-0.8.1
[13] Source available at https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-auth/tree/3.9.8
[14] Source available at https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-bridge-common/tree/3.9.8
[15] Source available at https://github.com/eclipse/vert.x/tree/3.9.8
[16] Source available at https://github.com/vert-x3/vertx-web/tree/3.9.8
[17] Source available at http://logging.apache.org/log4j/1.2/download.html
[18] Source available at https://github.com/java-native-access/jna/tree/3.2.7
[19] Source available at https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=commons-collections.git;a=tag;h=a3a5ad
[20] Source available at https://git-wip-us.apache.org/repos/asf?p=commons-lang.git;a=shortlog;h=refs/tags/LANG_3_6
[21] Source available at https://github.com/apache/zookeeper/tree/release-3.6.2
[22] Source available at https://github.com/eclipse/jetty.project/tree/jetty-9.4.33.v20201020
[23] Source available at https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb/tree/v6.16.4
[24] Source available at https://github.com/cbeust/jcommander/tree/1.78
[25] Source available at https://github.com/DataSketches/sketches-core/tree/sketches-0.8.3
[26] Source available at https://github.com/lz4/lz4-java/tree/1.3.0
[28] Source available at https://github.com/googleapis/googleapis
[29] Source available at https://github.com/google/gson/tree/gson-parent-2.8.6
[30] Source available at https://github.com/census-instrumentation/opencensus-java/tree/v0.24.0
[33] Source available at https://github.com/grpc/grpc-java/tree/v1.33.0
[34] Source available at https://github.com/apache/curator/releases/tag/apache.curator-5.1.0
[35] Source available at https://github.com/inferred/FreeBuilder/tree/v2.7.0
[36] Source available at https://github.com/google/error-prone/tree/v2.4.0
[37] Source available at https://github.com/apache/yetus/tree/rel/0.5.0
[38] Source available at https://github.com/JCTools/JCTools/tree/v2.1.2
[39] Source available at https://github.com/apache/httpcomponents-client/tree/rel/v4.4.1
[40] Source available at https://github.com/apache/httpcomponents-core/tree/rel/v4.4.1
[41] Source available at https://github.com/apache/thrift/tree/0.12.0
[42] Source available at https://source.android.com/
[43] Source available at https://github.com/googleapis/google-http-java-client/releases/tag/v1.34.0
[44] Source available at https://github.com/google/auto/releases/tag/auto-value-1.7
[45] Source available at https://github.com/google/j2objc/releases/tag/1.3
[46] Source available at https://github.com/google/re2j/releases/tag/re2j-1.2
[47] Source available at https://github.com/dropwizard/metrics/releases/tag/v3.2.5
[48] Source available at https://github.com/perfmark/perfmark/releases/tag/v0.19.0
[49] Source available at https://github.com/google/conscrypt/releases/tag/2.5.1
[50] Source available at https://github.com/google/snappy/releases/tag/1.1.7

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar bundles some 3rd party dependencies

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains the extensions to Java Collections Framework which has
been derived from the works by JSR-166 EG, Doug Lea, and Jason T. Greene:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.jsr166y.txt (Public Domain)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://gee.cs.oswego.edu/cgi-bin/viewcvs.cgi/jsr166/
    * http://viewvc.jboss.org/cgi-bin/viewvc.cgi/jbosscache/experimental/jsr166/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified version of Robert Harder's Public Domain
Base64 Encoder and Decoder, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.base64.txt (Public Domain)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://iharder.sourceforge.net/current/java/base64/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'Webbit', an event based
WebSocket and HTTP server, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.webbit.txt (BSD License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/joewalnes/webbit

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'SLF4J', a simple logging
facade for Java, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.slf4j.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://www.slf4j.org/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'Apache Harmony', an open source
Java SE, which can be obtained at:

  * NOTICE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/NOTICE.harmony.txt
  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.harmony.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://archive.apache.org/dist/harmony/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'jbzip2', a Java bzip2 compression
and decompression library written by Matthew J. Francis. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.jbzip2.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://code.google.com/p/jbzip2/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'libdivsufsort', a C API library to construct
the suffix array and the Burrows-Wheeler transformed string for any input string of
a constant-size alphabet written by Yuta Mori. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.libdivsufsort.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/y-256/libdivsufsort

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of Nitsan Wakart's 'JCTools',
Java Concurrency Tools for the JVM, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.jctools.txt (ASL2 License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/JCTools/JCTools

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'JZlib', a re-implementation of zlib in
pure Java, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.jzlib.txt (BSD style License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://www.jcraft.com/jzlib/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Compress-LZF', a Java library for encoding and
decoding data in LZF format, written by Tatu Saloranta. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.compress-lzf.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/ning/compress

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'lz4', a LZ4 Java compression
and decompression library written by Adrien Grand. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.lz4.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/jpountz/lz4-java

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'lzma-java', a LZMA Java compression
and decompression library, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.lzma-java.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/jponge/lzma-java

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'jfastlz', a Java port of FastLZ compression
and decompression library written by William Kinney. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.jfastlz.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://code.google.com/p/jfastlz/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of and optionally depends on 'Protocol Buffers',
Google's data interchange format, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.protobuf.txt (New BSD License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/google/protobuf

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Bouncy Castle Crypto APIs' to generate
a temporary self-signed X.509 certificate when the JVM does not provide the
equivalent functionality.  It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.bouncycastle.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://www.bouncycastle.org/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Snappy', a compression library produced
by Google Inc, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.snappy.txt (New BSD License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/google/snappy

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'JBoss Marshalling', an alternative Java
serialization API, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.jboss-marshalling.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/jboss-remoting/jboss-marshalling

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Caliper', Google's micro-
benchmarking framework, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.caliper.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/google/caliper

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Apache Commons Logging', a logging
framework, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.commons-logging.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://commons.apache.org/logging/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Apache Log4J', a logging framework, which
can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.log4j.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://logging.apache.org/log4j/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar optionally depends on 'Aalto XML', an ultra-high performance
non-blocking XML processor, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.aalto-xml.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://wiki.fasterxml.com/AaltoHome

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified version of 'HPACK', a Java implementation of
the HTTP/2 HPACK algorithm written by Twitter. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.hpack.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/twitter/hpack

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified version of 'HPACK', a Java implementation of
the HTTP/2 HPACK algorithm written by Cory Benfield. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.hyper-hpack.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/python-hyper/hpack/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified version of 'HPACK', a Java implementation of
the HTTP/2 HPACK algorithm written by Tatsuhiro Tsujikawa. It can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.nghttp2-hpack.txt (MIT License)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/nghttp2/nghttp2/

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains a modified portion of 'Apache Commons Lang', a Java library
provides utilities for the java.lang API, which can be obtained at:

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.commons-lang.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-lang/


lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains the Maven wrapper scripts from 'Maven Wrapper',
that provides an easy way to ensure a user has everything necessary to run the Maven build.

  * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.mvn-wrapper.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * https://github.com/takari/maven-wrapper

lib/io.netty-netty-codec-4.1.63.Final.jar contains the dnsinfo.h header file,
that provides a way to retrieve the system DNS configuration on MacOS.
This private header is also used by Apple's open source
 mDNSResponder (https://opensource.apple.com/tarballs/mDNSResponder/).

 * LICENSE:
    * deps/netty-4.1.63.Final/LICENSE.dnsinfo.txt (Apache License 2.0)
  * HOMEPAGE:
    * http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/configd/configd-453.19/dnsinfo/dnsinfo.h

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
lib/org.rocksdb-rocksdbjni-6.16.4.jar is derived from leveldb, which is under the following license.

Copyright (c) 2011 The LevelDB Authors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

   * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
   * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
     copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
     in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
     distribution.
   * Neither the name of Google Inc. nor the names of its
     contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
     this software without specific prior written permission.
>>>>>>> 2346686c3b8621a585ad678926adf60206227367

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
<<<<<<< HEAD
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For lib/org.scala-lang.modules-scala-parser-combinators_2.11-1.0.4.jar

Copyright (c) 2002-2013 EPFL
Copyright (c) 2011-2013 Typesafe, Inc.

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
  * Neither the name of the EPFL nor the names of its contributors
    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
    without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
=======
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product bundles the JSR-305 reference implementation, which is available under
a "3-clause BSD" license.  For details, see deps/jsr-305/LICENSE.

Bundled as lib/com.google.code.findbugs-jsr305-3.0.2.jar
Source available at https://storage.googleapis.com/google-code-archive-source/v2/code.google.com/jsr-305/source-archive.zip
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product bundles Google Protocol Buffers, which is available under a "3-clause BSD"
license.

Bundled as
  - lib/com.google.protobuf-protobuf-java-3.14.0.jar
Source available at https://github.com/google/protobuf/tree/v3.14.0
For details, see deps/protobuf-3.14.0/LICENSE.

Bundled as
  - lib/com.google.protobuf-protobuf-java-util-3.12.0.jar
Source available at https://github.com/protocolbuffers/protobuf/tree/v3.12.0
For details, see deps/protobuf-3.12.0/LICENSE.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product bundles the JCP Standard Java Servlet API, which is available under a
CDDL 1.1 license. For details, see deps/javax.servlet-api-4.0.0/CDDL+GPL-1.1.

Bundled as lib/javax.servlet-javax.servlet-api-4.0.0.jar
Source available at https://github.com/javaee/servlet-spec/tree/4.0.0
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product bundles Simple Logging Facade for Java, which is available under a
MIT license. For details, see deps/slf4j-1.7.25/LICENSE.txt.

Bundled as
  - lib/org.slf4j-slf4j-api-1.7.25.jar
  - lib/org.slf4j-slf4j-log4j12-1.7.25.jar
Source available at https://github.com/qos-ch/slf4j/tree/v_1.7.25
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product bundles the Google Auth Library, which is available under a "3-clause BSD"
license. For details, see deps/google-auth-library-credentials-0.20.0/LICENSE

Bundled as
  - lib/com.google.auth-google-auth-library-credentials-0.20.0.jar
  - lib/com.google.auth-google-auth-library-oauth2-http-0.20.0.jar
Source available at https://github.com/googleapis/google-auth-library-java/releases/tag/v0.20.0
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product bundles the bouncycastle Library.
For license details, see deps/bouncycastle-1.0.2/LICENSE.html

Bundled as
  - lib/org.bouncycastle-bc-fips-1.0.2.jar
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
This product uses the annotations from The Checker Framework, which are licensed under
MIT License. For details, see deps/checker-qual-3.5.0/LICENSE

Bundles as
  - lib/org.checkerframework-checker-qual-3.5.0.jar
>>>>>>> 2346686c3b8621a585ad678926adf60206227367
